[all:vars]
ansible_user=admin
ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd


[spine]
spine01 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
spine02 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
spine03 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
spine04 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
spine05 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
spine06 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
spine07 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
spine08 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
spine09 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
spine10 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd


[leaf]
leaf01 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf02 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf03 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf04 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf05 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf06 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf07 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf08 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf09 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf10 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf11 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf12 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf13 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd

[server]
server01 ansible_user=ubuntu ansible_ssh_pass=nvidia
server02 ansible_user=ubuntu ansible_ssh_pass=nvidia
server03 ansible_user=ubuntu ansible_ssh_pass=nvidia
server04 ansible_user=ubuntu ansible_ssh_pass=nvidia